README.md, before:

# 🎨 Design System 2.0

This project was bootstrapped with Create React App (CRA). It builds on Material UI (MUI) to provide a maintained and bullet proven set of UI components. It follows the MUI standards in terms of folder structure, component names and props. For accessability and documentation it extends upon the official MUI documentation by adding an interactive and multi-themeable instance of storybook.

## ✨ Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\

### `yarn storybook`

Runs the storybook in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:6006](http://localhost:6006) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## 🎓 Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

## ✅ To be done

- Add publishing workflow and scripts
  - Run when merged in main with a tag
  - Update npm package
  - Deploy latest build
- Add test

Commit message:

makes licence key as .env variable

README.md, after:

# 🎨 Design System 2.0

This project was bootstrapped with Create React App (CRA). It builds on Material UI (MUI) to provide a maintained and bullet proven set of UI components. It follows the MUI standards in terms of folder structure, component names and props. For accessability and documentation it extends upon the official MUI documentation by adding an interactive and multi-themeable instance of storybook.

## ✨ Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\

### `yarn storybook`

Runs the storybook in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:6006](http://localhost:6006) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more inform ation.

## 💎 Use Premium Features

To use mui pro components like the `x-grid` you need to add a .env file to your root directory and add your MUI Licence key like this:

```
REACT_APP_MUI_LICENSE="..."
```

Find licence key in 1Password as _MUI Licence key_, if you don't have access pm DL.
